it's week two of na LCS I'm joined right
now by grig TSM's I don't say newest
member cuz you were on you were around
before this right yeah I was on the
Academy to you but the newest member of
their starting roster which I can say
with coverage presented by Omni slash
let's talk a little bit about so what
what's tell me the full story like how
did you end up one on their academy team
then two on the main roster cuz you were
on echo fox before right yeah so I was
on echo fox before it yeah you're really
good so yeah I was on echo fox before
but after the summer split of to 2017 I
joined TSM Academy and then the TSM
Academy split was a little rough we got
a sixth place but during like the
in-between season I was able to scrim
with main team and I performed well so I
got a chance to start so now you are on
the main team how long have you been
able to practice with them I don't have
an exact number of weeks like a couple
weeks or is this like going back months
okay so just a couple weeks before and
they they hit you up and they're like
hey do you want to try this out or did
you scrim with the team first I mean how
did you end up playing I mean the
coaching staff just told me I was gonna
be playing in some scrim box and then I
just played 16 blocks and then there
what's the difference between cuz TSM
this big team all this legacy you got
players like storing on it and you came
from Academy which is you know it's a
very honorable place to compete maybe
not the same level as LCS so what is
this transition been like for you is it
like crazy is it weird is it different
it's I played a few games as a southern
echo fox but now I'm playing much more
consistently and with some like like TSM
has and org is is very established so
it's definitely different
it feels good though feels good so yeah
what what are the guys like what do you
have any good
wow you have any good relationships with
any of these guys so you hang out with
them yeah I mean they're all funny and
nice yeah
anyone in particular give me the
give me the deets um I don't think
anyone in particular I mean I I play
with bjergsen a lot and so okay like I
do a key with him and yeah nice
what do you how do you feel about your
personal performance so far on TSM it's
it's okay I can can play a lot better
but it's it's reasonable but I just have
to keep practicing you know build it
perform better what's your relationship
with Mikey Ike good like because I know
often times whenever you have like two
players that are kind of competing for a
spot or can be rotated and out it can
get kind of weird yeah that's definitely
true it's it's not too weird it he's a
really nice guy and we talk about a lot
about the game so I think just our
personalities don't make it like that so
I think it's fine how do you think you
compare to the other junglers in NLCS
right now like a ranking I mean if if
you you don't need to necessarily hard
rank yourself right but do you feel
confident do you feel like you're behind
on a lot of these guys well you just
know everyone here that's okay superstar
yeah oh so you know all the Academy guys
for sure yeah I know most yeah but
anyway going back to the jungler
question I mean do you because sometimes
I interview people they join the LCS and
they're like I'm already way ahead of
these fools right like doc came in very
confident to the LCS when he entered I
don't know how confident you feel and
how you feel about the rest of the guys
I think I can compete with with everyone
in the LCS yeah I think I can play at
the level of the best player so yeah do
you do you feel like TSM is gonna be
able to because you guys unfortunately
lost a clutch this now but do you do you
feel like TSM is gonna be able to make
it to playoffs in a really good position
finals I mean how confident are you in
the team right now
yeah I'm Compton to 12 well maybe not
I mean I don't know good you know like
to make it to playoffs and be like a
strong team and be able to perform still
figuring out the worlds component I mean
yeah you know don't I say that yet but
yeah have you been getting a lot more
like fans and social media interaction
or whatever cuz I normally whenever a
player joins like the main roster TSM
they just like blow up yeah I mean mine
entry is a little different so I think
it was quite as extreme but yeah I've
had more to go like come up to me like
fans and Twitter followers and feel
weird oh are you like no yeah I mean I'm
just I'm not like some crazy like
prominent you know I'm still just yeah
just doing my thing yeah doing your
thing I like you're so calm and and
chill about everything right like some
people they join the LCS especially if
they're gonna join a team like this and
they're like yeah what's up we're gonna
stomp everybody you're like yeah I'm a
jungler I compete I do these things it's
very very humble of you thank you is
there anything is there anything you
want to say to any of the fans out there
um thanks for supporting me and I'll try
to play well in a few weeks
well thank you so much Greg for the
interview for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel
this is annoyed she's the woman that
does all the emotes from my twitch
channel and she says she only does it
for people who were actually very
popular so if you don't sub to my
channel and watch my videos she said
that she's never gonna do any more
emails during twitch channel see look
she's already leaving because I'm
becoming less popular she's looking for
popular people to do emails for her
thanks so much to Omni slash but please
subscribe and go follow my twitch
channel which I also put in the
description when she's gone